in girls
we are ready for the application of the 15 h
in smallness creams
You can see it in the incident in the previous tutorial
and now let's go canada
the concealer of dark circles I am a person that I like to try several
things
purito this holy east of lora is called cape tab
about it
we had the cream
and then he relives it again
and we have a goal
this
in that way to acquire a house
i what i do
is that he did not apply
i then on the top
has a little ball that helps arches spread well
since you do not take it off with your fingers that's why I liked this then
with that little ball to work going on
as loud as you can see in a Basque film because here we have the
make place among the practices of the year
I usually notice it then we have to take care of that
it gets more
The right one
the tasks that we need
as you can see the epidemic
your difference
there are kids
I wanted an honor
I see myself definitely let us
After doing that, what I do is that I'm looking forward
the makeup
the fluvial mac
solemn 75 and I'm using the norad
lt this Friday 5
i the sntss five charges
i
I love this help for wrinkles
is this
do not want to do and you
i help
to keep firm activist aminetu ceses is great
3 what I do like this is a light coverage
the ipad took a breath on the mac
and did not apply it
in one of the races
stas with sponge the brescia one thing
I know many people who do not like sponge
but not amiri because they absorb a lot as you can see
whole
I like it a lot because seventh and natural silk makeup I feel that the
in the next
for makeup very well leaves very marked it shows that you applied the
the makeup and that's why he does not use it on special occasions but that's what
that I do for me not all my clients in the picó with bread in tampico
with the brush and lorena pass and texts with the sponge
but then what he is doing is nothing else than today is to indicate how
put it
just waiting like a few pats
because I do not want him to take
the concealer conceals piqué
the important and totally new dark aquino unsta equal it
and now
took length
a little video amnesty
and then I put them in certain points acid in the face paella nothing
more to have to go scattering
i applied the makeup asia was until when the chacón what you propose
even with your fingers
start out
little
now yes we do not continue like that out point
fine
dyn that last Monday
make sure
lara these parts of the ear by health falls from the difference of
makeup
and then we will go
coarse
why did he speak with
our
what do you think min I am nothing of razor ap
alfie this topic that must be explained
i bankia's stock market and that is very good
for the skin you could feel the experience of 60 commented
7 at home
as it ends
everything after the one of parrot
the dark circles
in this area
I put a budgie what it does is that
makes the lec that probe
6 and then there for and light
inside our eyes do not do these corners
and maybe here you can not see it but I do have
I would stay successful
by Internet
ximena and caja jaén
despite cancer is
I still believe that we have made
and this one can also be used to give them shine, whether they are purchased
the cheekbones of kiedis on the chin also this one also use it so
She will show you how I explain my makeup and I hope that I have
liked and ask any questions
punishing and we keep in touch with the pse / ain